The AZUL library (package "azul-dll") is provided under
the terms of the GNU Library General Public License (LGPL)
with the following modifications:

1. Modifications to feature flags to enable / disable existing
   features in AZUL do not constitute a modified or derivative work.

2. Static linking of applications and widgets to the AZUL library
   does not constitute a derivative work and does not require the
   author to provide source code for the application or widget,
   use the shared AZUL libraries, or link their applications or
   widgets against a user-supplied version of AZUL.

3. You do not have to provide a copy of this license with programs
   that are linked to the AZUL library, nor do you have to identify
   the AZUL license in your program or documentation as required by
   section 6 of the LGPL.

   However, programs must still identify their use of AZUL. The
   following example statement can be included in user documentation
   to satisfy this requirement:

   [program] is based in part on the work of the AZUL GUI toolkit
   (https://azul.rs).

4. ANTI-AUTOPGRADE-CLAUSE: This license is not implicitly
   compatible with future versions of the LGPL.

5. In order to comply with the licenses used by the crates that this
   library depends on, the documentation must include the following
   section:

----------------------------------------------------------------------

The AZUL GUI toolkit uses the following projects under the
following licenses:

    adler version 1.0.2:
        licensed 0BSD OR Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Jonas Schievink
    adler32 version 1.2.0:
        licensed Zlib by Remi Rampin
    ahash version 0.7.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Tom Kaitchuck
    alloc-no-stdlib version 2.0.1:
        licensed BSD-3-Clause by Daniel Reiter Horn
    allsorts-rental version 0.5.6:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Jameson Ernst
    allsorts_no_std version 0.5.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 by YesLogic Pty. Ltd.
    app_units version 0.7.1:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by The Servo Project Developers
    arrayref version 0.3.6:
        licensed BSD-2-Clause by David Roundy
    arrayvec version 0.5.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by bluss
    azul-core version 0.0.2:
        licensed LGPL-3.0-only WITH LGPL-3.0-linking-exception by Felix Schütt
    azul-css version 0.0.1:
        licensed LGPL-3.0-only WITH LGPL-3.0-linking-exception by Felix Schütt
    azul-css-parser version 0.0.1:
        licensed LGPL-3.0-only WITH LGPL-3.0-linking-exception by Felix Schütt
    azul-desktop version 0.0.5:
        licensed LGPL-3.0-only WITH LGPL-3.0-linking-exception by Felix Schütt
    azul-dll version 0.0.1:
        licensed LGPL-3.0-only WITH LGPL-3.0-linking-exception by Felix Schütt
    azul-layout version 0.0.4:
        licensed LGPL-3.0-only WITH LGPL-3.0-linking-exception by Felix Schütt
    azul-simplecss version 0.1.1:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by Reizner Evgeniy
    azul-text-layout version 0.0.5:
        licensed LGPL-3.0-only WITH LGPL-3.0-linking-exception by Felix Schütt
    azulc version 0.0.3:
        licensed LGPL-3.0-only WITH LGPL-3.0-linking-exception by Felix Schütt
    backtrace version 0.3.56:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Rust Project Developers
    base64 version 0.13.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Alice Maz, Marshall Pierce
    binary-space-partition version 0.1.2:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by Dzmitry Malyshau
    bincode version 1.3.1:
        licensed MIT by Ty Overby, Francesco Mazzoli, David Tolnay , Zoey Riordan
    bitflags version 1.2.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Rust Project Developers
    bitreader version 0.3.3:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Ilkka Rauta
    brotli-decompressor version 2.3.1:
        licensed BSD-3-Clause OR MIT by Daniel Reiter Horn, The Brotli Authors
    bytemuck version 1.5.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT OR Zlib by Lokathor
    byteorder version 1.4.3:
        licensed MIT OR Unlicense by Andrew Gallant
    cfg-if version 0.1.10:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Alex Crichton
    cfg-if version 1.0.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Alex Crichton
    chrono version 0.4.19:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Kang Seonghoon, Brandon W Maister
    clipboard-win version 2.2.0:
        licensed MIT by Douman
    clipboard2 version 0.1.1:
        licensed MIT by Avi Weinstock, Felix Schütt
    color_quant version 1.1.0:
        licensed MIT by nwin
    convert_case version 0.4.0:
        licensed MIT by David Purdum
    crc32fast version 1.2.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Sam Rijs, Alex Crichton
    crossbeam-channel version 0.5.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Crossbeam Project Developers
    crossbeam-deque version 0.8.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Crossbeam Project Developers
    crossbeam-epoch version 0.9.3:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Crossbeam Project Developers
    crossbeam-utils version 0.8.3:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Crossbeam Project Developers
    cstr version 0.2.8:
        licensed MIT by Xidorn Quan
    data-url version 0.1.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Simon Sapin
    deflate version 0.8.6:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by oyvindln
    derive_more version 0.99.13:
        licensed MIT by Jelte Fennema
    dwrote version 0.11.0:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by The Servo Project Developers, Vladimir Vukicevic
    either version 1.6.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by bluss
    encoding_rs version 0.8.28:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Henri Sivonen
    etagere version 0.2.4:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Nicolas Silva
    euclid version 0.20.14:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Servo Project Developers
    euclid version 0.22.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Servo Project Developers
    fern version 0.5.9:
        licensed MIT by David Ross
    flate2 version 1.0.20:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Alex Crichton, Josh Triplett
    float-cmp version 0.5.3:
        licensed MIT by Mike Dilger
    fxhash version 0.2.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by cbreeden
    getrandom version 0.2.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Rand Project Developers
    gif version 0.11.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by nwin
    gleam version 0.13.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Servo Project Developers
    glutin version 0.26.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 by The glutin contributors, Pierre Krieger
    glutin_egl_sys version 0.1.5:
        licensed Apache-2.0 by The glutin contributors, Hal Gentz
    glutin_wgl_sys version 0.1.5:
        licensed Apache-2.0 by The glutin contributors, Hal Gentz
    glyph-names version 0.1.0:
        licensed BSD-3-Clause by YesLogic Pty. Ltd.
    image version 0.23.14:
        licensed MIT by The image-rs Developers
    instant version 0.1.9:
        licensed BSD-3-Clause by sebcrozet
    itertools version 0.8.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by bluss
    jpeg-decoder version 0.1.22:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Ulf Nilsson
    kurbo version 0.8.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Raph Levien
    lazy_static version 1.4.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Marvin Löbel
    libc version 0.2.91:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Rust Project Developers
    libloading version 0.6.7:
        licensed ISC by Simonas Kazlauskas
    libm version 0.2.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Jorge Aparicio
    lock_api version 0.4.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Amanieu d'Antras
    log version 0.4.14:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Rust Project Developers
    lyon version 0.15.9:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Nicolas Silva
    lyon_algorithms version 0.15.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Nicolas Silva
    lyon_geom version 0.15.3:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Nicolas Silva
    lyon_path version 0.15.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Nicolas Silva
    lyon_tessellation version 0.15.9:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Nicolas Silva
    malloc_size_of_derive version 0.1.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Servo Project Developers
    matches version 0.1.8:
        licensed MIT by Simon Sapin
    memoffset version 0.6.2:
        licensed MIT by Gilad Naaman
    minidl version 0.1.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by MaulingMonkey
    miniz_oxide version 0.3.7:
        licensed MIT by Frommi, oyvindln
    miniz_oxide version 0.4.4:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT OR Zlib by Frommi, oyvindln
    mmapio version 0.9.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by henrylee2cn, dignifiedquire, Dan Burkert
    num-integer version 0.1.44:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Rust Project Developers
    num-iter version 0.1.42:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Rust Project Developers
    num-rational version 0.3.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Rust Project Developers
    num-traits version 0.2.14:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Rust Project Developers
    num_cpus version 1.13.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Sean McArthur
    once_cell version 1.7.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Aleksey Kladov
    owned_ttf_parser version 0.6.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 by Alex Butler
    parking_lot version 0.11.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Amanieu d'Antras
    parking_lot_core version 0.8.3:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Amanieu d'Antras
    peek-poke version 0.2.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Dan Glastonbury
    peek-poke-derive version 0.2.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Dan Glastonbury
    pico-args version 0.4.0:
        licensed MIT by Evgeniy Reizner
    plane-split version 0.17.1:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by Dzmitry Malyshau
    png version 0.16.8:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by nwin
    proc-macro2 version 1.0.24:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Alex Crichton, David Tolnay
    quote version 1.0.9:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by David Tolnay
    raw-window-handle version 0.3.3:
        licensed MIT by Osspial
    rayon version 1.5.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Niko Matsakis, Josh Stone
    rayon-core version 1.9.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Niko Matsakis, Josh Stone
    rctree version 0.3.3:
        licensed MIT by Simon Sapin, Evgeniy Reizner
    rental-impl version 0.5.5:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Jameson Ernst
    resvg version 0.14.0:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by Reizner Evgeniy
    rgb version 0.8.25:
        licensed MIT by Kornel Lesiński
    roxmltree version 0.14.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Evgeniy Reizner
    rust-fontconfig version 0.1.3:
        licensed MIT by Felix Schütt
    rustc-demangle version 0.1.18:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Alex Crichton
    rustc-hash version 1.1.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Rust Project Developers
    safe_arch version 0.5.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT OR Zlib by Lokathor
    scoped_threadpool version 0.1.9:
        licensed MIT by Marvin Löbel
    scopeguard version 1.1.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by bluss
    serde version 1.0.125:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Erick Tryzelaar, David Tolnay
    serde_bytes version 0.11.5:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by David Tolnay
    serde_derive version 1.0.125:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Erick Tryzelaar, David Tolnay
    sid version 0.6.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Nicolas Silva
    simplecss version 0.2.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Reizner Evgeniy
    siphasher version 0.2.3:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Frank Denis
    smallvec version 1.6.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Servo Project Developers
    stable_deref_trait version 1.2.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Robert Grosse
    strfmt version 0.1.6:
        licensed MIT by Garrett Berg
    svg_fmt version 0.4.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Nicolas Silva
    svgfilters version 0.3.0:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by Evgeniy Reizner
    svgtypes version 0.5.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Evgeniy Reizner
    syn version 1.0.64:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by David Tolnay
    synstructure version 0.12.4:
        licensed MIT by Nika Layzell
    tiff version 0.6.1:
        licensed MIT by ccgn, bvssvni, nwin, TyOverby, HeroicKatora,
        Calum, CensoredUsername, Robzz, birktj
    time version 0.1.43:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Rust Project Developers
    tiny-skia version 0.5.1:
        licensed BSD-3-Clause by Evgeniy Reizner
    tinyfiledialogs version 3.3.10:
        licensed zlib-acknowledgement by Guillaume Vareille, Josh Matthews
    tinyvec version 1.1.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT OR Zlib by Lokathor
    tinyvec_macros version 0.1.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT OR Zlib by Soveu
    tracy-rs version 0.1.2:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by Glenn Watson
    ttf-parser version 0.6.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Evgeniy Reizner
    ttf-parser version 0.11.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Evgeniy Reizner
    ucd-trie version 0.1.3:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Andrew Gallant
    unicode-general-category version 0.3.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 by YesLogic Pty. Ltd.
    unicode-joining-type version 0.5.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 by YesLogic Pty. Ltd.
    unicode-normalization version 0.1.17:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by kwantam, Manish Goregaokar
    unicode-xid version 0.2.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by erick.tryzelaar, kwantam
    usvg version 0.14.0:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by Evgeniy Reizner
    uuid version 0.8.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Ashley Mannix, Christopher Armstrong,
        Dylan DPC, Hunar Roop Kahlon
    webrender version 0.61.0:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by Glenn Watson
    webrender_api version 0.61.0:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by Glenn Watson
    webrender_build version 0.0.1:
        licensed MPL-2.0 by The Servo Project Developers
    weezl version 0.1.4:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by HeroicKatora
    winapi version 0.3.9:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Peter Atashian
    winit version 0.24.0:
        licensed Apache-2.0 by The winit contributors, Pierre Krieger
    wio version 0.2.2:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Peter Atashian
    wr_malloc_size_of version 0.0.1:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by The Servo Project Developers
    xmlparser version 0.13.3:
        licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT by Evgeniy Reizner
    xmlwriter version 0.1.0:
        licensed MIT by Evgeniy Reizner

To generate the full text of the license for the license, please visit
https://spdx.org/licenses/ and replace the license author in the source
text in any given license with the name of the author.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

                   GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007

 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <https://fsf.org/>
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
 license document, but changing it is not allowed.


  This version of the GNU Lesser General Public License incorporates
the terms and conditions of version 3 of the GNU General Public
License, supplemented by the additional permissions listed below.

  0. Additional Definitions.

  As used herein, "this License" refers to version 3 of the GNU Lesser
General Public License, and the "GNU GPL" refers to version 3 of the
GNU General Public License.

  "The Library" refers to a covered work governed by this License,
other than an Application or a Combined Work as defined below.

  An "Application" is any work that makes use of an interface provided
by the Library, but which is not otherwise based on the Library.
Defining a subclass of a class defined by the Library is deemed a mode
of using an interface provided by the Library.

  A "Combined Work" is a work produced by combining or linking an
Application with the Library.  The particular version of the Library
with which the Combined Work was made is also called the "Linked
Version".

  The "Minimal Corresponding Source" for a Combined Work means the
Corresponding Source for the Combined Work, excluding any source code
for portions of the Combined Work that, considered in isolation, are
based on the Application, and not on the Linked Version.

  The "Corresponding Application Code" for a Combined Work means the
object code and/or source code for the Application, including any data
and utility programs needed for reproducing the Combined Work from the
Application, but excluding the System Libraries of the Combined Work.

  1. Exception to Section 3 of the GNU GPL.

  You may convey a covered work under sections 3 and 4 of this License
without being bound by section 3 of the GNU GPL.

  2. Conveying Modified Versions.

  If you modify a copy of the Library, and, in your modifications, a
facility refers to a function or data to be supplied by an Application
that uses the facility (other than as an argument passed when the
facility is invoked), then you may convey a copy of the modified
version:

   a) under this License, provided that you make a good faith effort
   to ensure that, in the event an Application does not supply the
   function or data, the facility still operates, and performs
   whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful, or

   b) under the GNU GPL, with none of the additional permissions of
   this License applicable to that copy.

  3. Object Code Incorporating Material from Library Header Files.

  The object code form of an Application may incorporate material from
a header file that is part of the Library.  You may convey such object
code under terms of your choice, provided that, if the incorporated
material is not limited to numerical parameters, data structure
layouts and accessors, or small macros, inline functions and templates
(ten or fewer lines in length), you do both of the following:

   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the object code that the
   Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered
   by this License.

   b) Accompany the object code with a copy of the GNU GPL and this
   license document.

  4. Combined Works.

  You may convey a Combined Work under terms of your choice that,
taken together, effectively do not restrict modification of the
portions of the Library contained in the Combined Work and reverse
engineering for debugging such modifications, if you also do each of
the following:

   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the Combined Work that
   the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are
   covered by this License.

   b) Accompany the Combined Work with a copy of the GNU GPL and this
   license document.

   c) For a Combined Work that displays copyright notices during
   execution, include the copyright notice for the Library among these
   notices, as well as a reference directing the user to the copies of
   the GNU GPL and this license document.

   d) Do one of the following:

       0) Convey the Minimal Corresponding Source under the terms of
       this License, and the Corresponding Application Code in a form
       suitable for, and under terms that permit, the user to
       recombine or relink the Application with a modified version of
       the Linked Version to produce a modified Combined Work, in the
       manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying
       Corresponding Source.

       1) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the
       Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (a) uses at run time
       a copy of the Library already present on the user's computer
       system, and (b) will operate properly with a modified version
       of the Library that is interface-compatible with the Linked
       Version.

   e) Provide Installation Information, but only if you would
   otherwise be required to provide such information under section 6
   of the GNU GPL, and only to the extent that such information is
   necessary to install and execute a modified version of the Combined
   Work produced by recombining or relinking the Application with a
   modified version of the Linked Version. (If you use option 4d0, the
   Installation Information must accompany the Minimal Corresponding
   Source and Corresponding Application Code. If you use option 4d1,
   you must provide the Installation Information in the manner
   specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying Corresponding
   Source.)

  5. Combined Libraries.

  You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side by side in a single library together with other library
facilities that are not Applications and are not covered by this
License, and convey such a combined library under terms of your
choice, if you do both of the following:

   a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work
   based on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities,
   conveyed under the terms of this License.

   b) Give prominent notice with the combined library that part of it
   is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the
   accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

  6. Revised Versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License.

  The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions
of the GNU Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new
versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may
differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

  Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the
Library as you received it specifies that a certain numbered version
of the GNU Lesser General Public License "or any later version"
applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that published version or of any later version
published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Library as you
received it does not specify a version number of the GNU Lesser
General Public License, you may choose any version of the GNU Lesser
General Public License ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

  If the Library as you received it specifies that a proxy can decide
whether future versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License shall
apply, that proxy's public statement of acceptance of any version is
permanent authorization for you to choose that version for the
Library.
